What are you going to do? Who are you?
That's him! What do you mean by raising people for fun?
Yes, everyone can support one person.
My wife died after taking just two pills!
It’s him who still kills my wife!
I also want to give back to those who are perfect!
I just bought it on the spot!
Who is it!
Which one to buy?
People are so shameless on Black Mirror now!
Why do you worry so much about the cold weather?
I want to play with it!
They are all based on their faces!
Why do you think it’s okay for others to eat it?
But your wife is in trouble after eating it!
Tell me! Could it be that your wife ate something else?
That’s why it happened!
My wife!
It's true. If you are dead,
Don't marry me, sister, I'll tell you
Not everyone can turn it on and off, right? You tell me.
from childhood to adulthood
No poison - iron
How could you possibly know anything?
Beauty bowl
Now it kills people
Why don't you stop quickly?
Do you want to harm yourself and become a human being?
Master Duyuanlou can't do anything anymore.
It's all her business
What will happen to me in the future?
How can you treat her herself
The medicine toy I made
Is there any problem
I know best in my heart
If you are not worried
Can be taken anywhere for inspection
If something goes wrong I'll cover it for you
What medicine did your wife take today?
Take it and let me check it, right?
can't give it to you
What if you change the package?
Anyway, my wife
I died after taking your medicine. You have no money.
If you want me to wrap the money, don't worry about it.
Wrap a handful
My wife's face
Very supportive of you
Then what if I don’t wrap it up?
How can I tell you to go away?